[Music]
let's talk about market research and
audience intelligence to do great
marketing you need to understand your
audience where they spend time online
what they watch
listen to read visit talk about and
follow sadly that information is hard to
come by
surveys are notoriously difficult to get
answers on have selection bias problems
and even when they work self-reported
data just isn't good you can manually
cyberstalk your target audience
recording what their websites and social
accounts visit Paulo share and it will
take weeks and selection bias is still a
problem
that's why we built spark Tura spark
Toro crawls billions of websites and
social accounts aggregates those into
distinct profiles and then puts the
power to search it all at your
fingertips want to find out which
podcasts are popular with architects
boom 19% of the 38,000 profiles that
describe themselves with the word
architect follow listen to or share
attention audio term 14% check out our
Connect sessions want to reach a lot of
architects with your message these are
the podcasts to get on or sponsor want
intel about a competitor's website
visitors problem solved thanks to smart
Toro
any audience you can describe spark taro
can tell you about their online behavior
it's incredibly powerful yet super
simple
you can build a list of outreach targets
content amplifiers websites to advertise
on podcasts to sponsor people to build
connections with whatever your marketing
tactics spark taro can help you direct
those efforts to the places that truly
reach your audience your first five
searches with spark taro are completely
free just register your account and give
it a spin
audience intelligence has never been
easier
[Music]